[rl] add window FIFO scheduling (#3927)
pytorch/torchtitan: torchtitan/experiments/rl/examples/dapo_math/README.md

## Reference configurations

> Both configurations run 150 optimizer steps on one eight-GPU node. One TP=2 trainer uses two GPUs, and six independent TP=1 generators use the remaining GPUs. Each optimizer step consumes 8 prompt groups with 16 completions per group. `target_offpolicy_steps=4` sizes the active buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both configurations run 150 optimizer steps on one eight-GPU node. One TP=2 trainer uses two GPUs, and six independent TP=1 generators use the remaining GPUs. Each optimizer step consumes 8 prompt groups with 16 completions per group. `target_offpolicy_steps=4` sizes the `RolloutGroupWorkBuffer`.
```
